### BettaBridge Frontend

Welcome to the BettaBridge is the cross-network NFT Marketplace powered by LayerZero.

## Overview

BettaBridge NFT Marketplace allows users to buy, sell and send NFTs from different blockchains on one platform.To transfer tokens between networks, the LayerZero protocol is used. To provide users with visibility into their activity, we've implemented a scoring system using GraphQL and MongoDB. These actions, including the number of points earned and the user's address, are recorded in the database.

### Features

- **Multi-Chain Support**: Trade NFTs from Arbitrum Nova, zkSync Era, Optimism networks and more.
- **GraphQL Integration**: Utilizes Apollo Client for efficient data fetching and management.
- **NFT Context Management**: Context provider for centralized NFT-related data handling.

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up the BettaBridge on your local machine:

### Prerequisites

- Node.js installed on your machine
- NPM (Node Package Manager) or Yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   `git clone https://github.com/Visiok09/LayerZero-ONFT-Marketplace`

2. Navigate to the project directory:

`cd Frontend`

3. Install dependencies:
   `npm install` or `yarn install`

### IPFS Configuration:

This project utilizes the IPFS (InterPlanetary File System) client with the ipfs-http-client library to upload images to IPFS. Additionally, we are using the Infura service, which acts as a gateway for storing and retrieving data from IPFS storage.

Configuring next.config.js
Open the next.config.js file and replace 'yoursubdomain.infura-ipfs.io' with your actual subdomain from Infura in the domains array:

## `domains: ['yoursubdomain.infura-ipfs.io'],`

- Configuring NFTContext.js
  Open the NFT Context.js file find the `upload To IPFS` and `create NFT` functions and replace to your subdomain from Infura `'https://yoursubdomain.infura-ipfs.io/ipfs/${added.path}'`

### Environment Variables

Disclaimer: It is not recommended to use .env files in production environments. They should only be utilized during the development stage for managing sensitive information like project IDs, secret keys, and other credentials. It's crucial to employ secure and industry-standard methods for managing environment variables in production settings to prevent unauthorized access to sensitive data.

- Create a .env file in the root of your project.
- Add the following content to the .env file:

`NEXT_PUBLIC_PROJECT_ID=your_project_id`
`NEXT_PUBLIC_SECRET_KEY=your_secret_key`

Replace your_project_id and your_secret_key with your actual project ID and secret key from Infura. These variables will be used for authentication when interacting with the Infura IPFS gateway.

### Contract configuration

After successfully deploying the contract, follow these steps to configure the contract address in the `config.json` file located in the `Context` folder. This allows the application to interact with the deployed contract on the correct network.

**Schema**
"324": {
"market": {
"address": `"you deployed address"`,
"rpc": ""
}
}

**"324"**: This is the chainId where the contract is deployed. Replace this with the actual chainId of the network where your contract is deployed or add another network. For example, if it's deployed on zkSync Era, the chainId is `324`.
**"address"**: This is where you replace with the actual address of your deployed contract. This should be the address where the contract is deployed. For example, `"0x6e8e2Dd2Cc3a1dac4dd3e8a5281a40984187B477"` is a placeholder; replace it with the actual address of your contract.

- Setting the ABI

To set the ABI (Application Binary Interface) after deploying the contract with Hardhat, follow these steps:

After successfully deploying your contract, locate the ABI in the artifact file generated by Hardhat.

The ABI is typically found in the artifact file of the contract you compiled. This file is located in the `./artifacts/contracts/yourContractFolder/yourContractFile.json` directory.

Open the `yourContractFile.json` file, which contains the ABI for your contract.

Copy the entire contents of the ABI from `yourContractFile.json`.

Open the `onft.json` file in `Context` forlder.

Paste the copied ABI into the `onft.json` file, replacing any existing ABI content.

Your `onft.json` file should now have the correct ABI for your deployed contract, allowing your application to interact with it effectively. You can open the `onft.json` file and see how it should be.

### Running the Development Server

`npm run dev`

Open `http://localhost:3000` in your browser to view the marketplace.

### Project Structure

.
├── assets/
├── components/
├── context/
├── graphql/
├── pages/
├── styles/
├── public/
├── utils/
├── next.config.js
├── package.json
└── README.md

#### Technologies Used

- React
- Next.js
- Web3.js
- Ethers.js
- Solidity
- LayerZero
- GraphQL
- MongoDB
- Tailwind CSS

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please follow these guidelines:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/new-feature`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/new-feature`).
6. Create a new Pull Request.

## Issues

If you encounter any issues with the project, please [open an issue](https://github.com/Visiok09/LayerZero-ONFT-Marketplace) on GitHub.
